docs(validation): add input validation type decorator example (#1909)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/validation.md

> info **Hint** The `ParseIntPipe` and `ParseBoolPipe` are exported from the `@nestjs/common` package.

> Using a class to capture more than one parameter or query you can use `@Type` of `class-transformer` to transform the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a class to capture more than one parameter or query you can use the `@Type` decorator from `class-transformer` to transform the input.
```

```typescript
class QueryDTO {
  @IsBoolean()
  @Type(() => Boolean)
  public sort: boolean;
}

class ParamDTO {
  @IsInt()
  @Type(() => Number)
  public id: number;
}

@Get(':id')
findOne(
  @Param() params: ParamDTO,
  @Query() query: QueryDTO,
) {
  return 'This action returns a user';
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: To make this work properly, you would have to turn on the `transform` configuration in the `ValidationPipe`, which is disabled by default.

Reviewer: This will still allow the `IsBoolean` and `IsInt` validations to run inside the pipe though. Regardless of if `transform: true` is set or not, cause we do call `plainToClass` and these `@Transform()` decorators will be handled then

Reviewer 2: What I'm trying to say is that in case `transform` is disabled and there are no other configurations passed into the `ValidationPipe` (`class-validator` specific), the pipe will eventually return the original object (without any transformations applied, see line 133 in `validation.pipe.ts`) so saying:

> If you are using a class to capture more than one parameter or query you can use the `@Type` decorator from `class-transformer` to transform the input

Is partially incorrect, since with the default options the controller won't receive the transformer input, but rather the original one.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha, definitely correct in that case. Maybe we can add the "if `transform: true` is set for the pipe options" (or something similar )to the sentance
